boys down
good evening creatures of the night no
spire is here once again back from my
slumber to drink the blood drive from
another clock
so after the long wait ghostbusters the
videogame has finally been released I
have my copy so I am going to give it a
try now I may not see you guys for a
while
Wow that game was Elson okay but
seriously now today I have a very
special guest the Stay Puft Marshmallow
Man mr. Swift thank you for being on the
show
hey give me another beer bitch
mr. puffed
listen I don't care I'm paying I'll tell
you when I've had enough um mr. lifts
oh hey mol pyro this first huh mr. Swift
have you been drinking no no very good
right
well mr. puffed thank you for being here
today so you must be really excited now
that Ghostbusters the video game has
finally been released
mr. proofed come on baby why'd you go
marshmallow you'll never go for another
well mister proofed I'll leave you wants
more mr. puffed
are you paying attention hey come on
Osiris don't be a cock-blocker
okay moving on can you tell us a little
bit about what it was like being part of
this game what game um ghostbusters the
video game all right
well it looks great I'm cool and I
should be in all the video hey I'm gonna
summon a new box okay we are in the
middle of an interview but it is fine
just get up
wait who are we talking about
ghostbusters the video game yeah let's
go girls
mr. Swift
you just picked it right so I see you
have been celebrating already no video
games the only job I had years well I am
well I am sure something I thought that
other song was your song
okay never mind ladies of genom him the
Stay Puft Marshmallow Man
well back in memoir human form again to
ask my creatures of the night to tune in
next time the where take care because
the freaks come out at night